Add Fleet & Agent 8.14.1 Release Notes (#1126)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/release-notes/release-notes-8.14.asciidoc

[[new-features-8.14.1]]
=== New features

The 8.14.1 release added the following new and notable features.

{agent}::
* For users of {agent} running as an OpenTelemetry Collector, the link:https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/exporter/elasticsearchexporter[`elasticsearchexporter`] and the link:https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/filterprocessor[`filterprocessor`] are now available to configure in agent pipelines. {agent-pull}4707[#4707] {agent-pull}4708[#4708]

[discrete]
[[enhancements-8.14.1]]
=== Enhancements

{agent}::
* The more reliable snapshot API is now used in place of the artifact API for snapshot downloads, for both {agent} upgrades to a snapshot and for artifact fetching used in testing. {agent-pull}4693[#4693] {agent-issue}4458[#4458]
* The {agent} diagnostics bundle now contains an `agent-info.yaml` file, which provides information on the running agent, including its agent ID, whether or not it's a snapshot, any headers, and if it's running in `unprivileged` mode. {agent-pull}4725[#4725] {agent-issue}4439[#4439]

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.14.1]]
=== Bug fixes

{fleet}::

> * Fix the `Restart upgrade` modal submit button disabled condition. {kibana-pull}184586[#184586]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The "restart upgrade" button for single agent upgrades is now enabled as expected when the upgrade has been pending for over 2 hours. {kibana-pull}184586[#184586]
```
